Added validation for framework in the trained model controller (#1413)
kubeflow/kfserving: docs/DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md

Version: v0.3.0
```
Deleting $GOPATH/bin/controller-gen helps to resolve this issue, as Makefile will fetch the correct version.

> 7. When your able to run your changes using make deploy-dev, but it fails when running against test, checkout your `overlays/test` to verify everything is properly configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. When you are able to test your changes locally using make deploy-dev, but it fails when running in KFServing CI e2e tests, please checkout your `overlays/test` to verify everything is properly configured.
```
